feat: mention `loadEnvFile` as an alternative to the `--env-file` flag (#31058)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: nodeJS/introduction_to_nodeJS/environment_variables.md

**This file must be added to your `.gitignore` file** to keep secrets safe from being published!

> Node provides several ways to load it, such as using the [`--env-file` CLI option](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v24.x/api/cli.html#--env-filefile), that allows you to run `node --env-file=.env index.js` for example, or directly inside JavaScript with the [`process.loadEnvFile()` method](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v24.x/api/process.html#processloadenvfilepath). Both of these will throw an error if the `.env` file is missing.

Reviewer: Grammar nit but IMHO reads more easily than multiple comma clauses.
```suggestion
Node provides several ways to load it, such as using the [`--env-file` CLI option](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v24.x/api/cli.html#--env-filefile) (that allows you to run `node --env-file=.env index.js` for example) or directly inside JavaScript with the [`process.loadEnvFile()` method](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v24.x/api/process.html#processloadenvfilepath). Both of these will throw an error if the `.env` file is missing.
```

<div class="lesson-note lesson-note--tip" markdown="1">

#### Environment variables and deployment

When you deploy an app that uses environment variables, your repo will not contain your `.env` file, so you will have to research how your chosen deployment service handles setting environment variable values. Typically, there will be a way via their website interface, but otherwise, always check their documentation!

> Because of this, you won't want to load your variables in production like you do in development, as it would likely throw an error for when it can't find a `.env` file. Instead, you can prevent that in many ways, like adding an npm script for production that doesn't use `--env-file`, use the `--env-file-if-exists` CLI option, or implement error handling with `process.loadEnvFile()`.

Reviewer: Necessary grammar fix
```suggestion
Because of this, you won't want to load your variables in production like you do in development, as it would likely throw an error for when it can't find a `.env` file. Instead, you can prevent that in many ways, like adding an npm script for production that doesn't use `--env-file`, using the `--env-file-if-exists` CLI option, or implementing error handling with `process.loadEnvFile()`.
```
